N OF "OUROW ATTACKAGRAAV
GAZIN I.
NETANYAHU SENDHAMNI
TO COME.
WE GO INTO
N THONGH WT TH
SAYING WHE COULD>> Reporter: NEU
TO DETOHETAS
>> WELL, I HAVDITE HIM
BUI D NOT DEMAND IT.O THESE FOLS
>>AR0 OF
THOSE AG THERE.
RA
IT THWARERCKEF NATIONAL SECURITY
HAS THISEW
VIT.orter: ON ESDAY, ATTTO
ENTEM GAZAY SEA,
TH, GUNNN ONTHE  THETHE T ISRAE
HAS ATTEMPTETO ENTER ISRAEL BYA
ARED
RAID,  IFO TTED BY THE ISRAELI
CAPABILITIESN
EVASTATING AITR
ISRAEL IZED PARAGLIDERS.VEILLANT
FIED ISRL ON
MOLES AND IN SUVs.
MAS DIVEORM A
>> THIS FORC THAT IS A
COMBINATION OF TERROAS HASATTRI
CONVEL MILITARY.
AND WHAT'S PARTICULARLTEREST TY
LAND,  AND
>> Reporter: HAMAS HAS HONED ESE
MA ONOCK-UP
AN A PSIE  THEYBER 7tTO DEADLY .
OFFENSIVE INSID, E CONCERN AMO
OFFICIS S WI
FORCESDAARE. AGAINST ISRAELI
GAZA ID
URHAMAS HAS CONSTE
COMPLEX NETWORK OF TUNNEGGED WI.
>> IT' CLEAR THA
CAN MOUNT A COORDINATERCATSRL,TB
DEFENSIVE OPERATION, A
COMBINEDEN INK
ND THAT THE MARINETA FIALE COMMN
TOERALL S.
AH IN THS BLOODYR U.S. FORCE
ENORMOUS LOSSES ONHE
PREPAR USED SO MUCH DAMAGE.
OURSE, HAMAS HAS H MANY
RE>> THANKOUMUCH
>>> AND NOE'S VELY ON HAMAS,
AND THE "GETTING TO  HAMAS."
YOU SH WR VIEWERS ONE DERS
OFEXTS YOUSENIOR SAID
THERE WOULD BE NO ERSATIONS
AB HOSTAGERAEL STOEDKING
CON THE PHONE WITH THEM AS THE
S OF D
BECOME
I NTART WITH JIM.S HAMA
EVEN NOW AFTERTHOUSAND STRIKES.
MANY HAMASOMMAND
TO ISRAELIS TAKEOUT.
THEY SAY COME UPA
T
WHAT MORE  YT ILIEND
LEARLY STILL >>L EXISTSE
UT
TUNNELS.
LLIONS OF
DO BS
E 2008, SINCE TH E. HAVE NO
SRTO BUILD BECAUS
THEM.NVEST Y BILLIONSY  QATAR
EM GETE  QO GAZA, EA
ION TO  SITUATION,
HEY BUILD TUNNELS AND
THIS IS E A.AND ALL TH Y
WHAE
TO BUILD TUN, A PROJECT OF
TUNNELS FOR MANY YEARS.
EVEN NOW THEY'RE ABLTO USE
>> I TRY TO SOUGAZA F MS I CAN
AL TM UNDERGROUND.
O NOL.BACK TO E LANDLINE
S POINT ABOUT THESE
TUNNELS. LWERE RELSEE
WHAT DO YOU THINK IS H
MOH TH
>> AN ISRAELSO SAYAT
WE ARE CLOSEA DEALI MUSTAYHAMAS
A LARGE AMOUNT O
AND FOR TWREASONY O
SHOW THE PALESTINIAN- GAZATHAT D
HEY'VE NOTE HOST
THEY ND  REA
OTHERWISE, ISRAEL DETO GAZA.
>> KILLS T
KILL OU EVEN ISEL S